# Video Class
The `Video` class found in the `dotnetVEE` namespace is the root class for representing information about a video. It holds information about how many Frames Per Second (FPS) the video has, the total count of frames, the path to the video, the dimensions, and some more info.

# Performance
The Video Class is actually pretty fast. A 900MB video file took about 7 seconds to load, which may sound a lot at first, but for this much data it's actually pretty good.

# Usage
**Do not use the constructor of the `Video` class!** The constructor needs all the information about the video itself, which you may need to obtain manually. But if you do know that information, such as FPS, frame count, and other, you can use the constructor:
```cs
public Video(float FPS, int roundedFPS, int frameCount, Vector2 resolution, string path)
```

# But I don't know the information about the video itself. What do I do?
No problem! Use the `Video.Create(string)` method, which only requires the path to the video. It will set properties like path, FPS, frame count, and resolution automatically to their appropriate values based on the video itself:
```cs
public static Video Create(string videoPath)
```

# Properties
The `Video` class has a few properties that provide information about a video. Let's explore them!

```cs
public float FPS { get; private protected init; }
```
This is the `Frames Per Second` of the video. That is, how many frames (images) are displayed in the video every single second.

```cs
public int RoundedFPS { get; private protected init; }
```
This is the same as the `FPS` property, except with a rounded value. Sometimes, the `FPS` property may have values *close* to, let's say, 30. For example, 29.96 or 30.02. In that case, the `RoundedFPS` property will hold a value of 30. It is recommended to use this property over `FPS` to get accurate results.

```cs
public int FrameCount { get; private protected init; }
```
This is the total amount of frames (images) in a video.

```cs
public Vector2 Resolution { get; private protected init; }
```
This is the resolution of the video defined as a `System.Numerics.Vector2`. The `X` property stores the width and the `Y` property stores the height.

```cs
public string Path { get; private protected init; } = string.Empty;
```
This is the path to your video file.

# Example
Let's load a video and print information about it using `dotnetVEE`. See how simple it is:
```cs
using dotnetVEE;

Video video = Video.Load("adorable_cats.mp4");
Console.WriteLine($"FPS: {video.RoundedFPS}"); // 60
Console.WriteLine($"Total Frames: {video.FrameCount}"); // 3917
Console.WriteLine($"Resolution: {video.Resolution.X}x{video.Resolution.Y}"); // 1920x1080
```
