# FFmpeg & FFprobe Invocation
dotnetVEE also provides a quick and easy way to invoke FFmpeg and FFprobe using the `InvokeHelper` class found in the `dotnetVEE.Wrapper` namespace.
This class has a lot more methods compared to others.

Here are all methods from the `InvokeHelper` static class:

```cs
public static void LaunchFFmpeg(string arg)
```
This method launches FFmpeg in the background with the given arguments, but does **not** wait for it to close.

```cs
public static void LaunchAndWaitForFFmpeg(string arg)
```
This method also launches FFmpeg in the background with the given arguments, but it also waits for it to close.

```cs
public static void LaunchFFprobe(string arg)
```
This method launches FFprobe in the background with the given arguments, but does **not** wait for it to close.

```cs
public static void LaunchAndWaitForFFprobe(string arg)
```
This method also launches FFprobe in the background with the given arguments, but it also waits for it to close.

```cs
public static string LaunchAndRedirectFFprobeOutput(string arg)
```
This method launches FFprobe in the background with the given arguments and waits for it to close. After FFprobe closes, it returns its console output.

```cs
public static string LaunchAndRedirectFFmpegOutput(string arg)
```
This method launches FFmpeg in the background with the given arguments and waits for it to close. After FFmpeg closes, it returns its console output.

```cs
public static async Task LaunchAndWaitForFFmpegAsync(string arg)
```
This is the asynchronous version of the `LaunchAndWaitForFFmpeg` method.

```cs
public static async Task LaunchAndWaitForFFprobeAsync(string arg)
```
This is the asynchronous version of the `LaunchAndWaitForFFprobe` method.

```cs
public static async Task<string> LaunchAndRedirectFFmpegOutputAsync(string arg)
```
This is the asynchronous version of the `LaunchAndRedirectFFmpegOutput` method.

```cs
public static async Task<string> LaunchAndRedirectFFprobeOutputAsync(string arg)
```
This is the asynchronous version of the `LaunchAndRedirectFFprobeOutput` method.
