# Audio Management
dotnetVEE natively supports working with Audio and embedding or extracting it to/from a video.

# Audio Information
Let's start. The `dotnetVEE.Computation.Audio` namespace provides different classes to work with audio.

To begin with, we're interested in the `AudioInfo` class, which provides basic information about audio. It takes 1 constructor: the audio file name.

Let's load some information about an audio using this class:
```cs
using dotnetVEE.Computation.Audio;

var info = new AudioInfo("audio.mp3");
Console.WriteLine(info.SampleRate); // 44100
Console.WriteLine(info.DurationInSeconds); // 219.4554
Console.WriteLine(info.Path); // audio.mp3
```

# AudioManager class
Now, we're going to manage audio from a video with this class, also found in the same namespace as `AudioInfo`. It has a couple methods, let's use them.

### AlterVolume
This static method changes the volume from a video between the two timestamps:
```cs
using dotnetVEE;
using dotnetVEE.Abstractions;
using dotnetVEE.Computation.Audio;

Video vid = Video.Create("seagulls.mp4");

AudioManager.AlterVolume(
    vid,
    new StartEndTimestamp(new TimeSpan(0, 0, 0, 1), new TimeSpan(0, 0, 0, 6)),
    new Volume(30F),
    "seagulls-silentpart.mp4");
```
A new video named `seagulls-silentpart.mp4` will be created. If you play the generated video, you should see that between 00:00:01.000 and 00:00:06.000 the audio is much more silent. That's because what we did is, between those timestamps, we drop the volume to 30% (100% is default).

### ExtractAudio
This static method extracts audio from a video:

```cs
using dotnetVEE;
using dotnetVEE.Computation.Audio;

Video vid = Video.Create("seagulls.mp4");

AudioManager.ExtractAudio(vid, "audio.mp3");
```
A new audio file named `audio.mp3` will be created, which contains all audio from the `seagulls.mp4` video.

Now, if you were to run that code, the audio.mp3 file will be created, *but there is a chance that it will be an empty 0-byte file*. This is a sign that the audio file format, mp3, is incompatible with what is playing in the video. Likely, you should try `audio.aac` or other formats.

### AutomatedExtractAudio
This method can also be used to extract audio from a video:
```cs
using dotnetVEE;
using dotnetVEE.Computation.Audio;

Video vid = Video.Create("seagulls.mp4");

AudioManager.AutomatedExtractAudio(vid, "audio.mp3");
```

But, there is a difference.
As I mentioned, there is a problem with the ExtractAudio method where we basically cannot guarantee if the audio file is compatible or not, and one way to find out is to check if the output audio file is empty.

It is different with the `AutomatedExtractAudio` method, where it will automatically extract the audio file with a correct format.

It could be aac, mp3, ogg - anything! The only problem would be, the compatible file extension will be appended to the output file name. So, if the output file name is `audio.mp3` but the compatible audio format is AAC, the file will be saved as `audio.mp3.aac`. It can be saved as `audio.mp3.mp3` too if the audio format is MP3.

This method also returns an `AudioKind?`:
```cs
using dotnetVEE;
using dotnetVEE.Computation.Audio;

Video vid = Video.Create("seagulls.mp4");

AudioKind? kind = AudioManager.AutomatedExtractAudio(vid, "audio.mp3");
if (kind is null)
{
    Console.WriteLine("The audio format of the video is unsupported.");
}
else
{
    Console.WriteLine($"The audio type is {kind?.ToString()}");
}
```
If the audio format is AAC, the above client should output `The audio type is Aac`.
